{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Times New Roman;}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440
\fs24\sl360\slmult1
\pard\qc\b\f0\fs36 JUSTCONNECT USER MANUAL\par
\pard\qc\fs24\b0 Developed by Carlos Mafuse\par
\pard\qc Midlands State University\par
\pard\qc\par
\pard\b 1. Introduction\par
\pard\b0 JustConnect is a legal document analysis platform that helps users upload legal documents, extract text, generate concise summaries, manage analysed records, and download summary reports in PDF format. The system is designed for lawyers, researchers, students, and other users who need faster access to key information contained in legal documents.\par
\pard\par
\pard\b 2. Main Features\par
\pard\b0 JustConnect provides the following user functions:\par
\pard\fi360 1.\tab User account registration with email verification through a one-time password (OTP).\par
\pard\fi360 2.\tab Secure user login and logout.\par
\pard\fi360 3.\tab Upload of legal documents in PDF, DOC, DOCX, and TXT formats.\par
\pard\fi360 4.\tab Automatic text extraction from uploaded documents.\par
\pard\fi360 5.\tab Generation of structured legal summaries.\par
\pard\fi360 6.\tab Storage of analysed documents in the records library.\par
\pard\fi360 7.\tab Download of generated summaries as PDF files.\par
\pard\fi360 8.\tab Profile and password management.\par
\pard\par
\pard\b 3. System Access\par
\pard\b0 To use JustConnect, open the application in a web browser. The usual local project address is:\par
\pard\fi360 http://localhost/justconnect/public\par
\pard Users must have an active account before they can access the dashboard.\par
\pard\par
\pard\b 4. Creating a User Account\par
\pard\b0 Follow these steps to register:\par
\pard\fi360 1.\tab Open the JustConnect home page.\par
\pard\fi360 2.\tab Click Create Account.\par
\pard\fi360 3.\tab Enter your first name and last name.\par
\pard\fi360 4.\tab Enter a valid email address.\par
\pard\fi360 5.\tab Create a strong password.\par
\pard\fi360 6.\tab Confirm the password.\par
\pard\fi360 7.\tab Click Create Account and Verify Email.\par
\pard\fi360 8.\tab Check your email for the 6-digit OTP code.\par
\pard\fi360 9.\tab Enter the OTP code in the verification boxes.\par
\pard\fi360 10.\tab Click Verify and Enter JustConnect.\par
\pard\par
\pard\b Password requirements\par
\pard\b0 The password must:\par
\pard\fi360 1.\tab Have at least 8 characters.\par
\pard\fi360 2.\tab Include at least one uppercase letter.\par
\pard\fi360 3.\tab Include at least one number.\par
\pard\fi360 4.\tab Include at least one special character.\par
\pard\par
\pard\b 5. Logging In\par
\pard\b0 To sign in:\par
\pard\fi360 1.\tab Open the login page.\par
\pard\fi360 2.\tab Enter your registered email address.\par
\pard\fi360 3.\tab Enter your password.\par
\pard\fi360 4.\tab Optionally tick Remember me.\par
\pard\fi360 5.\tab Click Sign In.\par
\pard If the details are correct, the system opens the Dashboard.\par
\pard\par
\pard\b 6. Dashboard Overview\par
\pard\b0 The Dashboard is the main workspace of the system. It provides:\par
\pard\fi360 1.\tab A summary of documents analysed.\par
\pard\fi360 2.\tab A count of summaries downloaded.\par
\pard\fi360 3.\tab A list of recently analysed documents.\par
\pard\fi360 4.\tab Quick navigation to New Job, Records, Downloads, and Account/Profile.\par
\pard The left sidebar is used to move between sections of the system.\par
\pard\par
\pard\b 7. Uploading and Analysing a Document\par
\pard\b0 To analyse a legal document:\par
\pard\fi360 1.\tab On the sidebar, click New Job.\par
\pard\fi360 2.\tab Click the upload area or drag and drop a file into it.\par
\pard\fi360 3.\tab Select a file in PDF, DOC, DOCX, or TXT format.\par
\pard\fi360 4.\tab Wait for the system to extract and preview the text.\par
\pard\fi360 5.\tab Confirm that the correct document has been loaded.\par
\pard\fi360 6.\tab Click Generate Summary.\par
\pard\fi360 7.\tab Monitor the progress bar while the analysis is running.\par
\pard\fi360 8.\tab Review the concise summary when processing is complete.\par
\pard\par
\pard\b Important notes\par
\pard\b0 Files larger than 20 MB are not accepted. The summary screen also provides a Download PDF button for exporting the generated report.\par
\pard\par
\pard\b 8. Viewing Recent Documents\par
\pard\b0 The Dashboard displays the most recent analysed documents. For each document, the user can:\par
\pard\fi360 1.\tab Click View to open the summary details.\par
\pard\fi360 2.\tab Click PDF to download the summary as a PDF file.\par
\pard\par
\pard\b 9. Managing Records\par
\pard\b0 The Records section stores all analysed documents linked to the current user account. In this section, the user can:\par
\pard\fi360 1.\tab View the document name.\par
\pard\fi360 2.\tab View the detected document type.\par
\pard\fi360 3.\tab Search for a document using the search field.\par
\pard\fi360 4.\tab Filter records by document type.\par
\pard\fi360 5.\tab Open saved summaries for review.\par
\pard Records make it easier to return to previous analyses without re-uploading the same file.\par
\pard\par
\pard\b 10. Downloads\par
\pard\b0 The Downloads section keeps a history of generated summary PDFs. It allows the user to track which summaries were exported and when they were downloaded.\par
\pard\par
\pard\b 11. Account and Profile Management\par
\pard\b0 The Account / Profile section allows the user to update personal information and maintain account security.\par
\pard Users can update:\par
\pard\fi360 1.\tab First name.\par
\pard\fi360 2.\tab Last name.\par
\pard\fi360 3.\tab Organisation.\par
\pard\fi360 4.\tab Role.\par
\pard Users can also change their password from the same section.\par
\pard\par
\pard\b 12. Signing Out\par
\pard\b0 To log out of the system:\par
\pard\fi360 1.\tab Click Sign Out on the sidebar.\par
\pard\fi360 2.\tab The system ends the current session and returns to the landing page.\par
\pard Logging out is recommended whenever a user finishes working, especially on a shared computer.\par
\pard\par
\pard\b 13. Supported Document Types\par
\pard\b0 JustConnect is intended for legal materials such as:\par
\pard\fi360 1.\tab Court judgments.\par
\pard\fi360 2.\tab Acts and statutory instruments.\par
\pard\fi360 3.\tab Lease agreements.\par
\pard\fi360 4.\tab Employment contracts.\par
\pard\fi360 5.\tab Sale agreements.\par
\pard\fi360 6.\tab Loan agreements.\par
\pard\fi360 7.\tab Powers of attorney.\par
\pard\fi360 8.\tab Wills and testaments.\par
\pard\fi360 9.\tab Shareholder agreements.\par
\pard\fi360 10.\tab General contracts.\par
\pard\par
\pard\b 14. Troubleshooting Guide\par
\pard\b0 If a user experiences problems, the following checks may help:\par
\pard\b Login problems\par
\pard\b0 Ensure the email and password are correct.\par
\pard If the account is newly created, complete OTP verification first.\par
\pard\par
\pard\b OTP not received\par
\pard\b0 Check the spam or junk mail folder.\par
\pard Wait a few minutes and use the resend option if available.\par
\pard\par
\pard\b File upload failure\par
\pard\b0 Confirm that the selected file is in PDF, DOC, DOCX, or TXT format.\par
\pard Ensure that the file size does not exceed 20 MB.\par
\pard\par
\pard\b Summary not generated\par
\pard\b0 Wait for the progress bar to finish.\par
\pard If the problem continues, refresh the page and try the upload again.\par
\pard\par
\pard\b 15. Best Practices\par
\pard\b0 For effective use of the system, users should:\par
\pard\fi360 1.\tab Upload clear and complete legal documents.\par
\pard\fi360 2.\tab Verify extracted text before generating a summary.\par
\pard\fi360 3.\tab Keep login credentials private.\par
\pard\fi360 4.\tab Sign out after use on public or shared devices.\par
\pard\fi360 5.\tab Keep downloaded PDF summaries organised for future reference.\par
\pard\par
\pard\b 16. Conclusion\par
\pard\b0 JustConnect provides a structured and user-friendly environment for analysing legal documents and generating summaries quickly. By using the registration, upload, records, downloads, and profile features correctly, users can improve the efficiency of legal research and document review.\par
}
